Add optional GPU user profiles to jupyterhub azimuth-charts (#39)
azimuth-cloud/azimuth-charts: images/jupyterhub/k8s-hub/README.md

# Dockerfile

> This Dockerfile for JupyterHub is a custom image that extends to quay.io/jupyterhub/k8s-hub:3.2.1 by adding the Kubernetes Python client, which is not included in the default Hub image but is required for features like giving options to choose from dynamic GPT user profiles by interacting with the jupyterhub pods on Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: Suggested re-wording:
- Let's not include the specific base image version in the readme in case we forget to change it later :)
```suggestion
This Dockerfile for JupyterHub is a custom image that extends the standard JupyterHub k8s-hub image by installing the Kubernetes Python client, which is required for dynamically configuring the JupyterHub instance based on the features of the host cluster (e.g. providing GPU notebook profiles when the cluster has at least 1 GPU node).
```
